# Introduction
This is a small script I put together to make it easier to select random followers from [my TikTok account](https://www.tiktok.com/@emmajaegercreative). There are a few steps to using this script; first of all, you'll need a rapidapi account and will have to sign up for the free tier of this [unofficial TikTok api](https://rapidapi.com/logicbuilder/api/tiktok/pricing) — but PLEASE read my disclaimer below to avoid being charged. Once you've done this, you should open `followers.py` and add your info where needed. I've added TODOs in these spots, but make sure to enter your total follower count, username, and rapidapi key. 

At this point, you can run the script by running `python followers.py` in terminal, which will create a CSV file containing all of your followers. From there, I typically use a random number generator to pick a random follower and find them on the CSV. This gives me more flexibility to generate numbers multiple times in case the follower I chose doesn't have any photos on their profile or has already been drawn (for example). However, you could definitely modify the script to choose a follower name directly so you don't have to do this in multiple steps.

# Disclaimer + Important Notes on Limitations
Unfortunately, this TikTok api only allows 25 requests per month for the free version, so you should keep track of your api calls to avoid getting charged. The api also only allows you to fetch 200 followers at once, which means that every time you call the script you'll invoke (your follower count) / 200 api calls — again something to keep in mind to avoid getting charged for your api usage. Finally, this also means that if you have over 5,000 TikTok followers, you can't use this script to compile your follower list (or at least not in one month for free). Sorry for the inconvenience! I tried my best to find a TikTok api that allowed me to compile the follower list, but it seems as though most existing apis don't provide this functionality and I don't know enough about scraping to figure it out. If you have a better implementation, please let me know!